documentation: tutorial/agent-on-docker (#516)
vdaas/vald: docs/tutorial/agent-on-docker.md

> # Agent on Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy Vald Agent on Docker
```

Vald is designed and implemented based on Cloud-Native architecture.

> However, there may be cases who want to use only Vald Agent without kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, there may be cases that want to use only Vald Agent without Kubernetes.
```

This article will show you how to deploy and run the Vald Agent on Docker.

> Fashion-mnist is used as an example of a dataset as same as [Get Stared](../tutorial/get-started.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fashion-mnist is used as an example dataset, same as [Get Stared](../tutorial/get-started.md)
```

## Requirements

- docker: v19.0 ~
- go: v1.14 ~
- libhdf5 (_only required for this tutorial._)

Hdf5 is required for this tutorial. If hdf5 is not installed, please install [hdf5](https://www.hdfgroup.org/).
<details><summary>[Optional] Install hdf5</summary><br>

```bash
# yum
yum install -y hdf5-devel

# apt
apt-get install libhdf5-serial-dev

# homebrew
brew install hdf5
```
</details>

## Deploy

This chapter will show you how to deploy Vald Agent on docker.<br>

> This chapter will use NGT for the core method of Vald Agent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This chapter will use NGT for the core engine of Vald Agent.
```

or 

```suggestion
This chapter will use NGT for the core function of Vald Agent.
```

🤔

1. Clone the vdaas/vald repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/vdaas/vald.git
    ```

1. Create `config.yaml`

    The configuration of Vald agent for docker is set using `config.yaml`<br>

>     You also check [the sample](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/master/cmd/agent/core/ngt/sample.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also check [the sample](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/master/cmd/agent/core/ngt/sample.yaml).
```

>     ```bash

Reviewer: is it better to use 
```
cat << EOF > /tmp/config.yaml
....
EOF
```
here and change the docker run command to specify the config file path?

Author: I think we don't have to specify the path of `config.yaml`.
Instead of applying your suggestion, how about it?

```bash
cat << EOF > $(directory name)/config.yaml
...
EOF
```

Reviewer: I think it is better the specify the `config.yaml` path if we only need this file in the example.
```bash
% docker run -p 8081:8081 --rm -v $(pwd)/config.yaml:/etc/server/config.yaml -it vdaas/vald-agent-ngt
```

Author: @kevindiu 
I updated document, could you confirm it please?

Reviewer: it is working.

            write_timeout: ""
      startup_strategy:
        - agent-grpc
      shutdown_strategy:
        - agent-grpc
      full_shutdown_duration: 600s
      tls:
        enabled: false
        # cert: /path/to/cert
        # key: /path/to/key
        # ca: /path/to/ca
    ngt:
      # vector dimension
      dimension: 784
      # bulk insert chunk size
      bulk_insert_chunk_size: 10
      # distance_type, which should be `l1`, `l2`, `angle`, `hamming`, `cosine`, `normalizedangle` or `nomralizedcosine`
      distance_type: l2
      # object_type, which should be `float` or `uint8`
      object_type: float
      # creation edge size
      creation_edge_size: 20
      # search edge size
      search_edge_size: 10
      # in-memory mode enabled
      enable_in_memory_mode: true
      # The limit duration of automatic indexing 
      auto_index_duration_limit: 1m
      # Check duration of automatic indexing.
      auto_index_check_duration: 10s
      # The number of cache to trigger automatic indexing
      auto_index_length: 100
    ```

1. Deploy Vald Agent on Docker

    To deploy Vald agent on docker with `config.yaml`, you can run below command.

    ```bash

>     docker run -v path-to-dir-of-config.yaml:/etc/server -p 8081:8081 --rm --it vdaas/vald-agent-ngt

Reviewer: this command failed...
```
% docker run -v ./config.yaml:/etc/server -p 8081:8081 --rm --it vdaas/vald-agent-ngt
unknown flag: --it
See 'docker run --help'.
```

Author: `docker run -it` is correct 😅

Reviewer: 🤔
```
 % docker run --it -v ./config.yaml:/etc/server -p 8081:8081 --rm vdaas/vald-agent-ngt
unknown flag: --it
See 'docker run --help'.
wdiu@MBP13UAQ-A070 vald % docker version
Client: Docker Engine - Community
 Version:           19.03.8
 API version:       1.40
 Go version:        go1.12.17
 Git commit:        afacb8b
 Built:             Wed Mar 11 01:21:11 2020
 OS/Arch:           darwin/amd64
 Experimental:      false

Server: Docker Engine - Community
 Engine:
  Version:          19.03.8
  API version:      1.40 (minimum version 1.12)
  Go version:       go1.12.17
  Git commit:       afacb8b
  Built:            Wed Mar 11 01:29:16 2020
  OS/Arch:          linux/amd64
  Experimental:     false
 containerd:
  Version:          v1.2.13
  GitCommit:        7ad184331fa3e55e52b890ea95e65ba581ae3429
 runc:
  Version:          1.0.0-rc10
  GitCommit:        dc9208a3303feef5b3839f4323d9beb36df0a9dd
 docker-init:
  Version:          0.18.0
  GitCommit:        fec3683
```

Reviewer: seems it is not working... and no output for this command.
```
 % docker run -it -v $(pwd)/config.yaml:/etc/server/config.yaml -p 8081:8081 --rm vdaas/vald-agent-ngt

```

Author: To mount config.yaml, you should set parent directory of `config.yaml` like a below
`docker run -p 8081:8081 --rm -v ${pwd):/etc/server vdaas/vald-agent-ngt`

Could you try the above command?

Reviewer: it should be `$(pwd)` instead of `${pwd)`. but i suggest to specify the file path instead of folder path which works for me also. ` docker run -p 8081:8081 --rm -v $(pwd)/config.yaml:/etc/server/config.yaml -it vdaas/vald-agent-ngt`
```bash
% docker run -p 8081:8081 --rm -v $(pwd):/etc/server -it vdaas/vald-agent-ngt
{"Date":"2020-06-29T05:21:37.897641Z","Level":"INFO","Detail":"maxprocs: Leaving GOMAXPROCS=2: CPU quota undefined"}
{"Date":"2020-06-29T05:21:37.897641Z","Level":"INFO","Detail":"service agent ngt v0.0.0 starting..."}
{"Date":"2020-06-29T05:21:37.897641Z","Level":"INFO","Detail":["daemon start"]}
{"Date":"2020-06-29T05:21:37.897641Z","Level":"INFO","Detail":"server agent-grpc executing preStartFunc"}
{"Date":"2020-06-29T05:21:37.897641Z","Level":"INFO","Detail":"gRPC server agent-grpc starting on 0.0.0.0:8081"}
```

    ```

1. Verify

>     If the deployment ends with success, you can confirm the output similar to the below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the deployment success, the output will be similar to below.
```

    {"Date":"2020-06-24T05:49:53.615263Z","Level":"INFO","Detail":["daemon start"]}
    {"Date":"2020-06-24T05:49:53.620263Z","Level":"INFO","Detail":"server agent-grpc executing preStartFunc"}
    {"Date":"2020-06-24T05:49:53.620263Z","Level":"INFO","Detail":"gRPC server agent-grpc starting on 0.0.0.0:8081"}
    ```

## Run using example code

1. Download dataset

    In this tutorial. we use [fashion-mnist](https://github.com/zalandoresearch/fashion-mnist) as a dataset for indexing and search query.

    ```bash
    # move to working directory
    cd example/client/agent
    
    # download fashion-mnist testing dataset
    wget http://ann-benchmarks.com/fashion-mnist-784-euclidean.hdf5
    ```

1. Running example

    Vald provides multiple language client libraries such as Go, Java, Node.js, Python, and so on.<br>
    In this example, the fashion-mnist dataset will insert into the Vald and search using [vald-client-go](https://github.com/vdaas/vald-client-go).
    
    We use [`example/client/agent/main.go`](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/master/example/client/agent/main.go) to run the example.

>     The example code is the same as running an example only Vald agent on kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The example code is the same as running an example only Vald agent on Kubernetes.
```

# Deploy Vald Agent on Docker

Vald is designed and implemented based on Cloud-Native architecture.
However, there may be cases that want to use only Vald Agent without Kubernetes.

This article will show you how to deploy and run the Vald Agent on Docker.

> Fashion-mnist is used as an example dataset, same as [Get Stared](../tutorial/get-started.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fashion-mnist is used as an example dataset, same as [Get Stared](../tutorial/get-started.md) page.
```

Author: 🤔

Author: I could not find another document such as "[title](internal link) page", but almost "[title](internal link)"
I don't think we have to fix, but should I fix it?
If there are any reasons to fix, please let me know about the reason. 🙏

Reviewer: Thank you for your explanation, I agree with you. But could you fix it?
```suggestion
Fashion-mnist is used as an example dataset, same as [Get Started](../tutorial/get-started.md).
```

## Requirements

- docker: v19.0 ~
- go: v1.14 ~
- libhdf5 (_only required for this tutorial._)

Hdf5 is required for this tutorial. If hdf5 is not installed, please install [hdf5](https://www.hdfgroup.org/).
<details><summary>[Optional] Install hdf5</summary><br>

```bash
# yum
yum install -y hdf5-devel

# apt
apt-get install libhdf5-serial-dev

# homebrew
brew install hdf5
```
</details>

## Deploy

This chapter will show you how to deploy Vald Agent on docker.<br>
This chapter will use NGT for the core engine of Vald Agent.

1. Clone the vdaas/vald repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/vdaas/vald.git
    ```

1. Create `config.yaml`

    The configuration of Vald agent for docker is set using `config.yaml`<br>

>     You can also check [the sample](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/master/cmd/agent/core/ngt/sample.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also check [the sample configuration file](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/master/cmd/agent/core/ngt/sample.yaml).
```

    ```bash
    cat << EOF > config.yaml
    ---
    version: v0.0.0
    time_zone: JST
    logging:
      logger: glg
      level: debug

>       format: json

Reviewer 3: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-suggestion-blue.svg?style=flat-square)
How about to use 'raw' format for logging?

    server_config:
      servers:
        - name: agent-grpc
          host: 0.0.0.0
          port: 8081
          mode: GRPC
          probe_wait_time: "3s"
          http:
            shutdown_duration: "5s"
            handler_timeout: ""
            idle_timeout: ""
            read_header_timeout: ""
            read_timeout: ""
            write_timeout: ""
      startup_strategy:
        - agent-grpc
      shutdown_strategy:
        - agent-grpc
      full_shutdown_duration: 600s
      tls:
        enabled: false
        # cert: /path/to/cert
        # key: /path/to/key
        # ca: /path/to/ca
    ngt:
      # vector dimension
      dimension: 784
      # bulk insert chunk size
      bulk_insert_chunk_size: 10

>       # distance_type, which should be `l1`, `l2`, `angle`, `hamming`, `cosine`, `normalizedangle` or `nomralizedcosine`

Reviewer: seems we cannot use ` character in the command...
```suggestion
      # distance_type, which should be "l1", "l2", "angle", "hamming", "cosine", "normalizedangle" or "nomralizedcosine"
```

      distance_type: l2

>       # object_type, which should be `float` or `uint8`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # object_type, which should be "float" or "uint8"
```

      object_type: float
      # creation edge size
      creation_edge_size: 20
      # search edge size
      search_edge_size: 10
      # in-memory mode enabled
      enable_in_memory_mode: true
      # The limit duration of automatic indexing 
      auto_index_duration_limit: 1m
      # Check duration of automatic indexing.

>       auto_index_check_duration: 10s

Reviewer 3: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-must-red.svg?style=flat-square)
There should be comments that these values are just for example.
I think `auto_index_duration_limit` should be 30m-6h(?) and `auto_index_check_duration` should be 10m-1h for production use. Please describe about it.

Author: @rinx 
Thank you for review. I'll describe about what you mentioned.
If you know. please let me know which document recommend about the value of each parameter.

Reviewer 3: hmm.. maybe this section is the best, however it is not enough for explanation. :thinking:
https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/master/docs/user-guides/configuration.md#ngt

Author: thx. hmm, it may be right.
In this case, I'll describe the recommended value for `auto_index_duration_limit` and `auto_index_check_duration` like as you suggested.

      # The number of cache to trigger automatic indexing
      auto_index_length: 100
    EOF
    ```

1. Deploy Vald Agent on Docker

    To deploy Vald agent on docker with `config.yaml`, you can run below command.

    ```bash
    docker run -v $(pwd)/config.yaml:/etc/server/config.yaml -p 8081:8081 --rm -it vdaas/vald-agent-ngt
    ```

1. Verify

    If the deployment success, you can confirm the output will be similar to below.

    ```bash

>     {"Date":"2020-06-24T05:49:53.615263Z","Level":"INFO","Detail":"maxprocs: Leaving GOMAXPROCS=4: CPU quota undefined"}

Reviewer 3: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-imo-orange.svg?style=flat-square)
I think 'raw' format of logging is more understandable.

    In this tutorial. we use [fashion-mnist](https://github.com/zalandoresearch/fashion-mnist) as a dataset for indexing and search query.

    ```bash
    # move to working directory
    cd example/client/agent
    
    # download fashion-mnist testing dataset
    wget http://ann-benchmarks.com/fashion-mnist-784-euclidean.hdf5
    ```

1. Running example

    Vald provides multiple language client libraries such as Go, Java, Node.js, Python, and so on.<br>
    In this example, the fashion-mnist dataset will insert into the Vald and search using [vald-client-go](https://github.com/vdaas/vald-client-go).
    
    We use [`example/client/agent/main.go`](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/master/example/client/agent/main.go) to run the example.
    The example code is the same as running an example only Vald agent on Kubernetes.
    If you want to learn the detail of running an example, please refer to the tutorial of [standalone Vald Agent on kubernetes](../tutorial/get-started.md/#run-using-example-code-1).

    ```bash
    # run example
    go run main.go
    ```
    Note:
      - We recommend you to run `CreateIndex()` after `Insert()` without waiting auto indexing.

1. Clean Up

>     Remove the Vald Agent docker via `Ctrl+C`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Stop the Vald Agent docker instance via `Ctrl+C`.
```

>     Stop the Vald Agent docker instance via `Ctrl+C`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Stop the Vald Agent container via `Ctrl+C`.
```

Author: I think "the Vald Agent docker container" is the most correctly.
How about it? @kevindiu @hlts2

Reviewer 2: ok!
It seems good to me.

Reviewer: It seems good to me too!
